Enable Using Rabbit Storage on Elcap (#1114)
LLNL/benchpark: docs/io-benchmarking.rst

..
    Copyright 2023 Lawrence Livermore National Security, LLC and other
    Benchpark Project Developers. See the top-level COPYRIGHT file for details.

    SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0

Using File Systems
==================

For benchmarks that need to run on a different file system, benchpark defines per-system
variants, which experiments can use to leverage specific file systems.

> 1. For file systems that require a scheduler request

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. How to add filesystem details to scheduler request `extra_batch_opts`
```

options. For example, the ``llnl-elcapitan`` system has ``rabbit`` storage available via
a flux scheduler request. We specify the options with a ``rabbit_config`` variant:

::

    variant(
        "rabbit_config",
        default="none",
        values=("none", "xfs_small", "xfs_large", "lustre_small", "lustre_large", "gfs2_small", "gfs2_large"),
        multi=False,
        description="Rabbit configurations",
    )

These are the different options that we can specify to the ``flux`` scheduler, for
different configurations of rabbit storage. Then, in the ``system_specific_variables()``
function, we can add the selected variant to all batch jobs generated using this system
definition, using the ``extra_batch_opts`` keyword.

::

    def system_specific_variables(self):
        opts = super().system_specific_variables()
        extra_batch_opts = ""

        rb_config = self.spec.variants['rabbit_config'][0]
        if rb_config != "none":
            extra_batch_opts += f"\n-S dw={rb_config}"
        opts.update(
            {
                "extra_batch_opts": extra_batch_opts,
            }
        )

> 2. How to use a different path in your application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. How to enable writing to a file system from a benchmark or application
```

> 2. How to use a different path in your application

Reviewer: Move this to the top
